## lesson 13 self-concordant,VIA and stress

#### significance of self-concordant goals
* setting goal takes our mind away from those existential, difficult problems.
* change "no pain no gain" to "do it with pleasure"
* people set self-concordant goal also do well in areas that were not necessarily self-concordant. Because over all they enjoy life as a whole more in positive emotions. That have a trickle effect(like a candle in a dark room)
* self-concordant means do things you want to do, and that also have health benefits.

#### Value in action
##### what is character strength?
* strength towards moral nobel ends. 肌肉力量不是人格力量，给人制造快乐的幽默是人格力量，用来伤害别人的幽默则不是
* while goals are about outcome, VIA are about self-concordant journey. When we set goal, we focus on outcome, with VIA our focus is directly the journey.
 ##### how to identify and cultivate character strength?
 * ask yourself is this the real me.
 * use one strength to cultivate another.
 
 ##### what may be a helpful framework for identifying a self-concordant journey as well as outcome?
 people`s perception of work: as a job, as a career, as a calling.
 we can perceive almost _any work_ as falling into one of these three categories.
 example:一个投资银行的工作者可以将他的工作视为赚钱的职业，但也可以看成是一个为广大群众谋求工作机会的使命。
 
 ##### tips for setting goals
 * write it down
 * set lifeline
 * "people can imagine themselves taking steps, while great heights seem entirely forbidden. "
 #### Stress
 the most important thing is to take timeout.
 ##### how do those deal well with stress do?
 * set ritual for work and for recovery ——stress is not a problem, stress was good for us, they found.
 * change strategy from marathon to sprint. sprint, recovery,sprint, recovery, sprint...
  
  level of recovery:
  
  level one: 15 mins meditation, one hour gym
  
  level two: a good night sleep.
  
  level three: a vacation
  